Let's go gambling!
You know what?
No
NO!
We are NOT gambling!
We are done gambling dude!
This is it!
We are done!
We are never going back to this casino again!
Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling!
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling! Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling Let's go gambling
Today's lesson:
Keep gambling.